Update README.md (#4294)
openconfig/featureprofiles: feature/qos/otg_tests/ingress_traffic_classification_and_rewrite_test/README.md

    *  Generate IPV4 traffic from ATE Port 1
    *  DUT should encap the IPV4 traffic in GRE destined to ATE port2
*  Verfication:
    *  Monitor telemetry on the DUT to verify that packets are being matched to the correct classifier terms.
    *  Capture packets on the ATE's ingress interface to verify packet marking according to the marking table.
    *  Capture packets on the ATE's egress interface to verify teh GRE encapped packet marking is also according to the marking table.
    *  Analyze traffic flows to confirm that no packets are dropped on the DUT.

### DP-1.16.11 Ingress Classification and rewrite  of IPV6 traffic with action GUE variant1 encap

*  Configuration:
    *  Configure GUE Varriant1 to encap traffic from the ATE port1
    *  GUE variant1 packets should set the DSCP similar to the native IPV6 packets
*  Traffic:
    *  Generate IPV6 traffic from ATE Port 1
    *  DUT should encap the IPV6 traffic in GRE destined to ATE port2
*  Verfication:
    *  Monitor telemetry on the DUT to verify that packets are being matched to the correct classifier terms.
    *  Capture packets on the ATE's ingress interface to verify packet marking according to the marking table.

>     *  Capture packets on the ATE's egress interface to verify teh GRE encapped packet marking is also according to the marking table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *  Capture packets on the ATE's egress interface to verify the GUE encapped packet marking is also according to the marking table.
```
